Transition configuration of data service to env vars / `.env` file / docker `secrets` (#568)
NOAA-OWP/DMOD: python/services/dataservice/README.md

Python package for data management service for DMOD infrastructure.

# Structure
Structure has been modified from original to have inner duplicate directory in order to comply with general Python packaging structure.
This facilitates executing tests in a variety of different scenarios, including running integration tests on a local machine using the included test script and/or running unit tests directly within an IDE.

## Configuration

Provide listed service configuration variables as either environment variables, in a '.env' file, as a `secret` in `/run/secrets`, or as a mixture of the aforementioned options.

> Configuration option names are case insensitive.

Reviewer: I think this would be helpful, but not necessary:

```suggestion
Configuration variable names are case insensitive.
```

Author: Yeah, I went back and forth when writing this. We usually say a CLI tools command line options, not its command line variables. I think it depends on your background which term you prefer. I am going to leave it as is. Thanks for the careful read and feedback!

boolean values are case insensitive.
valid values are:
    `0`, `off`, `f`, `false`, `n`, `no`, `1`, `on`, `t`, `true`, `y`, `yes`

A `.env` file must be utf-8 encoded and follow syntax rules:
- lines beginning with `#` are treated as comments
- blank lines are ignored
- each line represents a key-value pair. values can optionally be quoted.
  for example:
      ```
      PORT=8080
      PORT='8080'
      PORT="8080"
      ```
For more in-depth information, see these resources:
- https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/env-file/#syntax
- https://github.com/theskumar/python-dotenv?tab=readme-ov-file#file-format

> A secret's filename must be the name of a configuration variable.

Reviewer: I feel a little more strongly about this one, but only a little.

```suggestion
A secret's filename must match the name of a configuration variable (case insensitive).
```
